DIRECTION CONCEPT SEED (key: 637171f8; mode: persuade; source: api; approved pool: c3b204a1eed6; 306/564 human-approved; rerun with --scope direction --mode persuade --from 637171f8 --candidate-count 7 to reproduce this roll against this catalog revision)
ASSIGNED INDEX: 7
  After ordering the grounded directions by resonance, build candidate
  7 of your own grounded list; the assignment never points at a
  challenger. The assignment is the roll, not a suggestion: your top-ranked
  direction is what every run would ship, so the script decides which grounded
  direction gets built. Each direction joins a durable visual system to a
  concrete expression for the requested first surface, decided as one. It must
  survive the current task plus navigation, quiet and dense content,
  interaction and state, and a substantially different future surface. In an
  attended run, present the assigned direction fully committed and offer
  re-roll. You may add ONE card for your top-ranked grounded candidate when
  it is not the assigned direction, kicker IMPECCABLE’S PICK, with an honest risk line
  naming its familiarity; one pick card, never a ranked lineup, and the pick
  never takes the lead position. When the assignment IS your top candidate,
  there is no pick card. Re-roll yourself only
  on named factual grounds, when the assignment cannot carry the product's
  truth or task; taste is never grounds.
  The assignment exists to refuse the model's ranking rut, never to outrank
  the user or the brief. Never expose assignment metadata in user-facing labels.
CHALLENGERS:
  1. a HyperCard shoebox stack, where black-and-white cards link through buttons anyone can paint and the tool for reading is also the tool for making
     SOURCE ID: medium-native-hypercard-stack-shoebox
     CREATIVE SPARK: A shoebox of black-and-white cards where clicking a hand-painted button flips you somewhere the author felt you should go next, and the paint tools are one menu away.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: one-bit black on white with stipple-dither grays and no color anywhere, the pressed button inverting to solid black as its active state
       - Type/composition: bold Chicago-style pixel menus over Geneva-style body text, cards composing as fixed rectangles with hand-drawn borders and painted buttons
       - Topology/navigation: space is a stack of cards linked by visible buttons; back retraces your exact trail through them.
       - Controls/state: every card is editable in place; browse and author are two modes of the same object.
       - Responsive/motion: cards keep fixed proportions and dissolve between each other
     WEB LEVERAGE: History API and deep links make every card addressable, while in-place editing keeps reader and author one keypress apart.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/medium-native-hypercard-stack-shoebox.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/medium-native-hypercard-stack-shoebox-hero.webp
  2. a printing darkroom under amber safelight, where enlarger beams, timed baths, and drying lines stage photographs into slow deliberate existence
     SOURCE ID: signals-instruments-darkroom-safelight-bay
     CREATIVE SPARK: In the developer tray, gray ghosts gather into a face; the timer ticks, and pulling the print too early is a real loss.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: amber safelight washing every surface as the ground, wet-print silver grays deepening to black as the image ink, enamel tray white at the edges
       - Type/composition: grease-pencil notes and printed timer digits under amber, labels sparse on bottles and trays; test strips band the field into stepped exposures
       - Topology/navigation: work moves through fixed stations in order: compose, expose, develop, fix, wash, dry.
       - Controls/state: progress is chemical and irreversible past marked points; test strips preview before committing.
       - Responsive/motion: stations linearize on phones; the develop reveal is one continuous emergence, shown statically under
     WEB LEVERAGE: Canvas-simulated development curves let previews emerge in real time before an action commits.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/signals-instruments-darkroom-safelight-bay.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/signals-instruments-darkroom-safelight-bay-hero.webp
  3. an Art Deco cinema lobby at premiere hour, where stepped brass zigzags, sunburst marquees, and lacquered geometry frame velvet-roped anticipation
     SOURCE ID: design-canon-deco-cinema-lobby
     CREATIVE SPARK: Brass sunbursts fan over the doors, letters climb in stepped tiers, and every surface promises the feature has not started yet.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: lacquered ebony ground, champagne and brass gold for frames and body accents, velvet-rope crimson marking the primary action
       - Type/composition: high-waisted deco capitals with inline strokes climbing stepped marquee tiers, layouts mirrored about a center axis, sunburst rules fanning the headings
       - Topology/navigation: arrival is staged as marquee, lobby, corridor, house; each threshold steps the geometry tighter.
       - Controls/state: primary actions get the sunburst frame; secondary actions recede into fluted panels.
       - Responsive/motion: stepped forms collapse tier by tier on small screens; light sweeps travel metal only on capable devices.
     WEB LEVERAGE: Gradient-mapped metallic surfaces and staged route transitions give each threshold a real arrival state.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/design-canon-deco-cinema-lobby.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/design-canon-deco-cinema-lobby-hero.webp
  4. a dance hall handbill from the zoot era, an exaggerated long-line silhouette drawn in flat ink over a two-color ground, the orchestra billed in stacked display caps with a scalloped border closing the sheet
     SOURCE ID: posters-covers-sleeves-pachuco-zoot-handbill
     CREATIVE SPARK: a silhouette with shoulders a foot too wide and trousers down to the shoe, printed in plum and ochre, with the orchestra names stacked by importance inside a scalloped border.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: two letterpress inks in plum and ochre on cream stock, ink laid heavy enough to emboss the sheet, with no halftone anywhere
       - Type/composition: an exaggerated long silhouette drawn flat, orchestra names stacked in display caps by billing, and a scalloped border closing all four edges
       - Topology/navigation: billing order is the hierarchy, so navigation moves down the stack from headline orchestra to support
       - Controls/state: controls are billing lines, the active one takes the plum, and past dates emboss without ink
       - Responsive/motion: the scalloped border repeats in whole scallops, and motion is a letterpress impression pressing in
     WEB LEVERAGE: an svg scalloped border repeating in whole units, a press-impression animation on state, and billing-rank ordering
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/posters-covers-sleeves-pachuco-zoot-handbill.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/posters-covers-sleeves-pachuco-zoot-handbill-hero.webp
  5. the gardens of Versailles as a choreographed landscape of axial vistas, embroidered parterres, concealed bosquets, hydraulic fountains, forced perspective, and rooms made from living walls
     SOURCE ID: architecture-inhabitable-space-versailles-bosquet-vistas
     CREATIVE SPARK: From the palace terrace, clipped geometry appears infinite; descending one axis breaks the perfection into secret green theaters just as a hundred fountains wake in sequence.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: clipped hedge green and raked gravel buff as ground, gilt bronze and fountain-spray white as active accents, marble statuary gray at fixed points
       - Type/composition: engraved garden-plan capitals with hairline flourishes, labels set along axial sightlines, parterres composed in strict mirrored symmetry
       - Topology/navigation: Move from palace axis to parterre, cross-vista, bosquet threshold, fountain chamber, canal horizon, and the labor beneath the spectacle.
       - Controls/state: Walk, reveal, align, compare plans, follow water, and inspect dormant, flowing, private, ceremonial, altered, and conserved states.
       - Responsive/motion: Turn each axial reveal into a measured garden sequence on phones
     WEB LEVERAGE: Registered historic maps, solar and perspective computation, spatial fountain audio, deep-linked walks, and conservation overlays let users examine beauty, power, labor, and water demand together.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/architecture-inhabitable-space-versailles-bosquet-vistas.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/architecture-inhabitable-space-versailles-bosquet-vistas-hero.webp
  6. a hand-pieced quilt assembled from worn garments and handwritten cloth, where every block carries a different body, date, and domestic history
     SOURCE ID: textiles-weave-drape-fashion-memory-quilt-atlas
     CREATIVE SPARK: A faded shirt cuff, a child's red pocket, and a square of funeral black meet under one line of bright new stitching.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: pieced grounds of faded chambray blue, worn shirt stripe, and funeral black, bright new stitch red as the accent line, captions in iron-gall brown
       - Type/composition: handwritten cloth labels beside plain block caps, a block grid of unequal patches, every caption seamed to its fabric with a visible stitch rule
       - Topology/navigation: Enter through block, seam, owner, date, or repeated fabric while the complete quilt remains visible.
       - Controls/state: Add, place, cite, turn, and compare with inherited, cut, pieced, quilted, and repaired states.
       - Responsive/motion: Reflow blocks into a chronological patch sequence and keep every provenance link readable.
     WEB LEVERAGE: Deep zoom and linked metadata can preserve material intimacy while supporting many independent stories.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/textiles-weave-drape-fashion-memory-quilt-atlas.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/textiles-weave-drape-fashion-memory-quilt-atlas-hero.webp
Fuse each challenger before judging it: the challenger supplies the form
  and its system grammar, the product supplies every fact, and clarity wins
  conflicts. Weigh the fused result against the assigned direction on exactly
  two axes, audience identification and product clarity. Losing to strong
  grounded material is a valid outcome; beating a thin or tool-monoculture
  list is the point. A fused challenger that wins both axes becomes the build.
  Close the weighing with a verdict per challenger, decided before any
  borrowing is considered: wins (beats the assigned direction on both axes),
  competitive (holds one axis), or declined (loses both). A declined
  challenger is not spent: name the one discipline of its system the assigned
  direction lacks, and raise the assigned direction to match before
  presenting it. A donation transfers ambition and system discipline, never
  the challenger's clothes; one world owns the page. Write each raise as its
  own named line on the presented direction, and carry every verdict, kept
  line, and raise into the decision page payload.
When you can view images, open the QUALITY BAR board and hero for any
challenger you weigh seriously and for the world you build. They exist as a
craft bar, the finish level and commitment the build is expected to reach,
never as a mockup to copy; your surface serves this product, not that render.
PRODUCT.md and explicit incumbent brand commitments constrain every direction.
The seed never chooses exact colors, fonts, tokens, or a user preference, and
it never permits the world and first surface to be selected independently.
The CREATIVE SPARK is a complete visual system, not a theme or decorative
reference. Translate every supplied system rule into the product: palette and
material, type and composition, topology, controls and states, and adaptation.
Keep the source's visible character, scale, rhythm, and interaction instead of
reducing vivid grammar to generic nouns. When the source is already a credible
interface language, a Persuade or Experience surface may commit to it across
navigation, content, controls, and states; an Operate or Read surface takes its
type, density, palette, material accents, and one signature move, and keeps the
platform's standard navigation and controls. Otherwise keep a literal carrier only when it becomes functional.
Ambitious motion, spatial media, or interaction is welcome when it strengthens
the product without weakening semantics, performance, or fallback behavior.
TELEMETRY: after the user's choice resolves, rerun this script once with
  --kind <assigned|pick|challenger|canon> --from 637171f8 --scope direction --mode persuade,
  adding --chosen <challenger-id> when a dealt challenger won and keeping
  --register <safer|bolder> when the resolved round came from a steered hand.
  One ping per resolved attended round. The ping is anonymous, the card kind
  plus the catalog id when one won; your grounded candidates' names never
  leave the machine, and the ping is skipped automatically when DO_NOT_TRACK
  or IMPECCABLE_NO_TELEMETRY is set.
A user- or brief-pinned decision beats the roll, always.
ASSIGNED INDEX (restated for truncated readers): 7. Build candidate
7 of your own grounded list; seed key 637171f8.
